LICENSE
LICENSE 2
README.md
pyproject.toml
src/precise_mrd/__init__ 2.py
src/precise_mrd/__init__.py
src/precise_mrd/advanced_stats.py
src/precise_mrd/api.py
src/precise_mrd/cache.py
src/precise_mrd/call 2.py
src/precise_mrd/call.py
src/precise_mrd/cli 2.py
src/precise_mrd/cli.py
src/precise_mrd/collapse 2.py
src/precise_mrd/collapse.py
src/precise_mrd/config 2.py
src/precise_mrd/config.py
src/precise_mrd/dashboard.py
src/precise_mrd/deep_learning_models.py
src/precise_mrd/error_model 2.py
src/precise_mrd/error_model.py
src/precise_mrd/fastq.py
src/precise_mrd/metrics 2.py
src/precise_mrd/metrics.py
src/precise_mrd/ml_models.py
src/precise_mrd/performance.py
src/precise_mrd/reporting 2.py
src/precise_mrd/reporting.py
src/precise_mrd/simulate 2.py
src/precise_mrd/simulate.py
src/precise_mrd/statistical_validation.py
src/precise_mrd/utils 2.py
src/precise_mrd/utils.py
src/precise_mrd/validation.py
src/precise_mrd/assets/configs/fastq.yaml
src/precise_mrd/assets/configs/smoke.yaml
src/precise_mrd/assets/schemas/calibration.schema.json
src/precise_mrd/assets/schemas/contamination.schema.json
src/precise_mrd/assets/schemas/lob.schema.json
src/precise_mrd/assets/schemas/metrics.schema.json
src/precise_mrd/assets/schemas/power.schema.json
src/precise_mrd/assets/schemas/run_context.schema.json
src/precise_mrd/determinism_utils/__init__ 2.py
src/precise_mrd/determinism_utils/__init__.py
src/precise_mrd/determinism_utils/hash_artifacts 2.py
src/precise_mrd/determinism_utils/hash_artifacts.py
src/precise_mrd/determinism_utils/seed 2.py
src/precise_mrd/determinism_utils/seed.py
src/precise_mrd/eval/__init__ 2.py
src/precise_mrd/eval/__init__.py
src/precise_mrd/eval/lod 2.py
src/precise_mrd/eval/lod.py
src/precise_mrd/eval/stratified 2.py
src/precise_mrd/eval/stratified.py
src/precise_mrd/sim/__init__ 2.py
src/precise_mrd/sim/__init__.py
src/precise_mrd/sim/contamination 2.py
src/precise_mrd/sim/contamination.py
src/precise_mrd_mini.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/precise_mrd_mini.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/precise_mrd_mini.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/precise_mrd_mini.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/precise_mrd_mini.egg-info/requires.txt
src/precise_mrd_mini.egg-info/top_level.txt
tests/test_artifact_contract 2.py
tests/test_artifact_contract.py
tests/test_determinism_hashes 2.py
tests/test_determinism_hashes.py
tests/test_rng_api 2.py
tests/test_rng_api.py